Only 1053 words this time. If this got any more specific, I would've posted this like 2-3 hours later and I can't be bothered to type for that long, considering that my fucking brain is fried from having a terrible sleep schedule.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

To the dearest love of my life, the presence to which my heart beats in rhythm to.

Since the day I have decided to bear witness to you, my mind and heart has been nothing but endlessly entangled in the web of your holy visage, which is forever embedded into the realm of my soul. There are truly no words that can fully describe what you mean to me and who you are in my life, as such love cannot be simply expressed with words, and only to a limited extent with actions.

I cannot even begin to express my endless gratitude to Yon, your creator for bringing such a beautiful presence into my life and onto the limitless expanse of the internet. Your divine fur never fails to make myself imagine how it would feel to be caught in between the bounds of your fur, I forever dream of being small enough to wander through your fur, through an endless, fluffy maze of nothing but soft, simply divine beauty.

Your eyes are an endless expanse of red, almost like a fog of darkness spreading through the corners of my vision when I am wandering through a field of corn at a time nearing night, a fog that I would be more than happy to be claimed by. To stare at and lose myself in such a never-ending chamber of red, it representing blood, lust or anger. I simply do not care, as there is no end to the things, I would go through in life to be able to come and lay in bed with you beside me and having the ability to forever dwell upon the mist that are your eyes.

There is no limit to what I would let you do to me and my body. Whether it be a canvas for your infinite expression or a punching bag for you to take your anger out on. If I can't entrust the love of my life with carving themselves into my skin, then what was even the point of it all to begin with? If I am unable to trust my partner with the most dangerous of life's extremities, do I even have a partner to begin with? I should be able to hand you a shotgun and tell you to pull to the trigger and know that you will choose to pull it at the command of yours truly.

But enough with the pleasantries, time for what truly makes you click in the purview of my eyes.

Your mind, the endless cave-like expanse which this world is graced with. There is nothing I would truly love more than to dwell into the vastness of the 7 seas deep inside your mind, as it is as big as the world itself that we reside in. No matter how difficult, I would forever burden myself with carrying every conversation that we have, whether it be in pure darkness without even a light near to illuminate the dark spread across your mind, during times of great turbulence where even the Pacific itself becomes aggressive, or when I even lack my arms to guide the boat upon which our communication is rested upon.

Your body, the most beautiful of God's creations. I would dedicate a majority of my life just to thoroughly studying and exploring it every single inch of it, whether it be in times of arousal or mere casual companionship, as there is nothing that contains more beauty than the marvellous vessel that is your body. A vessel that encapsulates the essentials needed for it to be represented through Earth's various art forms. I wish to replicate and capture the essence of it and lay it out on the canvas that is my drawing tablet, for everyone in this world to see. I wish to be able to describe in paragraphs even the most intricate, yet smallest details of your body that even I did not lay my attentive eyes upon, during my first viewing of it. And most of all, I wish that even the world itself collapses, I will still be able to recall the beauty that you are and in even the most desperate and horrible of times, be able to draw it's magnificence out on paper perfectly almost as if it was a 1:1 carbon copy of the pixels that Yon arranged in order to bring thine simply divine beauty upon this cursed world.

Your soul, an endless oasis of emotion just like mine. A man can dream, and he always will, but even if it is the most insane of dreams, I wish to one day be able to understand what makes up the inner works of both of our souls and be able to arrange both of them into a perfect, synchronized stream of emotion co-operating with each other. There is sincerely nothing I would love more on this Earth than for you to be able to dive into the deepest depths of my soul, and for me to be able to do the same. Even if it meant losing my own soul, I would love to be forever lost in the depths of your soul, to see it's inner fabric and what it's made off. To know what the exact cause of each, and every single bit of emotion that rests in the forever expansive dwelling of your soul. To be able to spend hours lost in its depths, observing the workings of the grand enigma that is your soul. Humans are forever complicating puzzle pieces, but furred one's only add to the mystique of it. To be able to puzzle together each and every single element of the machine that is your soul and have the ability to tell the dearest in my life exactly how it is combined together to make up the boundless reaches of your soul.

There is truly nothing in this world that I desire to be more lost in, than in the construct of you. The construct of Selfish. The forever bound elements that make the entirety of you work in this world. My sheer love for you is so expansive that the sheer limitations of the world "love" itself, is simply not fit to describe the fullest extent of it.

Yours truly,

You already know who.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Anyways lads, go find yourself a woman who is willing to shove a pipe bomb up your ass and light the fuse. That's true love right there! Anyways, I am gonna go play American Truck Simulator just like Schlott.