Welcome to another one of my autistic ramblings, there's probably one of you who would love to listen to these all day. I probably need therapy.

Idk where even suggestive begins and NSFW ends anymore. I mean, my previous fucking essays were just extremely elaborate, roundabout ways of just telling you what I fantasize about. Me being direct really shouldn't be that different. I mean, considering that like 99% of these end in me just fucking dying, it's less NSFW and just more "What the fuck is wrong with you", right?

Anyways, obviously let's just go with like the most obvious thing, alright? Tell me that those fucking eyes aren't hiding like the deepest, darkest, most incredulously sadistic thoughts ever. Like I know I may be a little bit biased, projecting even, because all of my fantasies are incredibly fucking sadistic and like two of you know that already. By the way, you have no fucking idea how much I just want to name drop you fucks just to see to see what happens.

Like I am fucking telling you, Selfish is absolutely the type of person to just fucking strap you down to a chair in their basement and ruthlessly beat you with a baseball bat, while "interrogating" you about how much of a silly, little, femboy pwincess you are. Do I even need to state that they would force only the most embarrassing answers out of you?

I would fucking love to be waterboarded for countless hours by Selfish, if I ever die it better be in their hands. True love is getting fucking brutally murdered by your beloved and you won't change my fucking mind any time soon.

Anyways, does this seem incredibly concerning considering that I am literally the same guy who said that they would carve Selfish into their left arm? Precisely. No, that post wasn't even satire, I just passed it off as satire just so I could bring this up later and see you scroll down to that comment section telling me to go get help again. Do it, fucking scroll like the little bitch that you are. Go tell me how much I need help, I fucking dare you.

Besides me getting brutally fucking tortured and murdered, obviously Selfish got legs for days. Now, I swear that I don't have a foot fetish, but those fucking legs got me feeling something. My hearts not the only thing going round when I see 'em. Those shiny black boots are literally the perfect thing to stomp my fucking face into the ground with. You literally have no idea how much I want to be brutally murdered by this fucking cat.

Is my ideation related to the fact that I am unable to kill myself, so I want someone else to do it for me? Yes, what you thought that I was genuinely mentally stable? My brother in fucking Christ, have you seen my post/comment history? What exactly about any of that screams "Stable member of society" to you? I would really like to know, because I am very fucking curious.

Anyways, back to those beautiful, black stompers. I want Selfish to stomp my fucking face into the ground so hard, the sheer force sends my skull all the way through the ground to China. Besides, let's say that after Selfish is done stomping your face into the ground, they take them off... Actually you can imagine the rest yourself. I may or may not be a bit more than just particularly fond of them beans.

That fucking tail. You want to know what I want with that tail? I want to get fucking strangled to death with that thing, Imagine Selfish wrapping their tail around you fragile, weak fucking throat like some kind off King Cobra (Because that's the one that chokes you to death, right?) and just strangling you, watching the life slowly drain from your face. Selfish just watching your pathetic, garbage body turn into a corpse right in front of their eyes.

And when the job's done, they just drop you on the ground and walk away. The sound of your corpse dropping on the ground just mellowly (Sorry to bring anything even remotely close to Mello into this) ringing out in the distance, as they just slowly walk way from their tale of misdeed dropping on the ground right behind them.

Like, there is literally nothing hotter on this Earth than a woman (Because, I am definitely straight bro) who is willing to brutally fucking murder you. I swear to God, I am a mentally stable person or something, idk anymore.

Anyways, that beautiful, white, fluffy fur. God, I fucking wish Selfish was real. The amount of time I wish I could spend on snuggling that cat is longer than the lifetime of our galaxy itself. That fur is literally the only thing that keeps me going anymore in the morning. When I see it my depression and suicidal ideation doesn't even exist, literally the thought of even dwelling through the endless, fluffy expanse of Selfish's fur is enough to fuel to a man for a lifetime.

Literally tell me that fur doesn't look absolutely heavenly. I fucking want Selfish to snuggle me for multiple hours on end and have their fur cover my entire body for an eternity and a bit longer. There is literally nothing I crave in this world more than to be covered in that white goodness. I want Selfish to snuggle the literal, metaphorical, conceptual, metaphysical, spiritual, psychological and ontological shit out of my fucking mind, body and soul.

I would love Selfish to just snuggle me and wrap their tail around me, telling me that everything is going to be fine and that I shouldn't kill myself, because life is worth living. Literally there is nothing in this fucking world I want more than that.

Fuck therapy, I want that cutie pie of a cat to fucking snuggle the depression and suicidality out of my head. I literally just want to feel that soft fur press against my chest, while I am snuggling with Selfish. Do you even know how much I fucking want that? Human hugs are already good enough, imagine hugging a furry, let alone Selfish themselves. That literally must feel like heaven on fucking Earth. I am telling you, if furries existed irl, state-mandated hugs would end all sadness in this world.

Back to the eyes, I want Selfish to stare deep into my soul like they are reading through it's entirety like a book and re-tell me all the extensive tales of my sins, misdeeds and failures straight back to my face, while belittling me for the useless leech on society that I am. I want them to tell everything wrong that I ever did with my life in such extensive and elaborate detail, that my mind will be so monumentally plagued with guilt that I start uncontrollably convulsing, shaking and crying.

I want Selfish to tell me what I did wrong and how I could've done it better and then rant about how much of a useless fuck I am. I want this cat to entirely throw my psyche into literal shambles via the sheer force of insults and logic, that my mind itself collapses into an unfathomable doom spiral of anarchy and misery.

I want this cat to fucking burn my entire mind down to the core itself and rebuild it in entirety in their vision. I want Selfish to delve into the deepest, darkest depths of my mind and completely bulldoze them, and then spend multiple hours on extensively rebuilding them in their vision. I want my brain completely destroyed and built back up from the burnt to a crisp ground.

I want Selfish to hit my brain with the literal equivalent of a psychological nuke more powerful than Nagasaki and Hiroshima combined, and then spend multiple years on completely rebuilding my brain and psyche from scratch in their divine vision of how my brain should exactly operate. I want Selfish to just fix me and make me into a normal person instead of some socially inept, loser mess with nothing to live for than a few thousand pixels on their screen.

I literally just want Selfish to re-write the very fabric of my brain in order to fulfil their grand vision for me and society. Selfish is my Goddess and I only want the best for them after all.

Oh, you thought I was going to stop with re-programming my very brain? Foolish of you to assume that. I want Selfish to delve into the very fabric and material of my soul. I just desire for Selfish to go deeper inside me than Jesus's body ever did an completely raze the thing to the fucking ground, leaving me as a hopeless and completely worthless, abandoned by reality and God himself, down-trodden inva-soul.

And then I want Selfish to get back in there, after seeing me stumble around the wasteland of reality that I am surrounded with, desperately trying to cling to the area from which my very soul has withered away from at the hands of my one true Goddess, and have that Goddess write into that "Tabula Rasa" every single last bit of their morality, values and ethics. I fucking want to be an eternal slave not only in property, but in mind, body and soul.

If I was able to, I would spend every waking day on serving my one true Goddess as their slave forever bent to their will. Selfish is literally the mother of Jesus, Mary incarnate. I am telling you, I saw it in a dream after I had another mental breakdown and passed out, I saw a vision from God himself show me that Yon has been tasked with recreating the likeness of Mary and what the output ended up as was Selfish.

Selfish is literally the mother of Jesus and everyone who says otherwise is a blasphemous heathen. Any even mild divergence from this belief is heresy and anyone who claims to be a believer, yet not believe in this neo-trinity of Christianity is nothing short of a heathen, or something.

Honestly, if we ever have robots, I just want a gigantic Selfish robot clone army to enslave humanity and have them establish a Selfish New World Order and convert every single one of us into beloved believers of the one true Goddess incarnate. Humanity itself shall be purged of any flaws or even the sheer notion of them and be perfected by Selfish's dictatorship instead.

I just want to serve Selfish as a maid, working endlessly and tirelessly as a slave to their mansion. I want their riches and spoils to endlessly taunt me with their allure as I slavemaxx my way around their property as a borderline worthless, cleaning maid. I literally just want to be a cute, fragile, femboy pwincess serving Selfish endlessly. I wouldn't even mind any eventual physical disturbance that would come with having the job, having some fun on the job really wouldn't even be that much of a crime and only add extra joy and pleasure to it.

I totally do not want Selfish to mess with my femboy skirt, after all what could possibly go wrong with having a fragile pwincess like me with such an alluring, feminine body around? Truly would be terrible if someone was to just pick me up and throw me straight into their bedroom after I was starved for multiple days straight and treated in under only the most desolate of conditions suited specifically for the worthless fuck that I am.

Like really, is there anything better than being a submissive, little, malnourished and completely defenseless, femboy pwincess? It's literally the dream job, I am fucking telling you dude. I just want to be treated like the useless, pathetic, fucking worm that I am. Is there really anything else you need in your life? Like really, I am waiting for someone to tell me that just that isn't enough.

Again though, I am a completely masculine, straight, white, cis male who doesn't have an extremely fragile masculinity. I entirely assure you that the sheer looks of Selfish and well, Seadrive alone didn't just take that thing and bend that in every single direction ever possible. My masculinity definitely isn't ridiculously fragile and about as existent as my will to live.

Anyways, it's 1 am and I am currently balancing writing this and talking to 2 different people at once, so I am kind off busy, tired and fucking dead inside, so unfortunately, I am cutting this a bit short. I was already supposed to be done like 15 47 minutes ago, anyways lmao. Hope you enjoyed whatever the fuck this is. I have no idea what my brain or psyche is anymore.

Hewp :3