(Remember Comrade! True YonKaGor fan praxis is reading my essays! And no, you aren't funny because you wrote "I ain't reading allat" in the comment section you illiterate-)

Prelude

You thought that 2318 words was too much? Don't worry, this time it's 3051 words long. Come on! It's only like 15 minutes to read this shit. Something something tiktok attention span.

Call me the "Yon scholar", because I am writing entire pieces of literature based of off random furry cats on the internet. No, I am not obsessed, if the ALGORITHM didn't recommend me Yon randomly one day, I wouldn't even be here.

So, as we all know. I am perfectly straight. I am literally the straightest Pole on this entire earth, there is no person straighter than me, and I had absolutely not even once, a suggestive thought related to men even once in my entire life.

The reason why I am bringing this up, is because due to the question of Selfish's gender. You see, canonically in the YonKaGor Cinematic Universe (YCU), Selfish is non-binary, but that is not enough for me. How could I possibly tell that my heterosexuality is not threatened by my attraction towards Selfish if I don't have a 100% confirmation that Selfish is biologically female?

After all, the definition which I just googled so it's obviously correct, says that it's just non-conforming to the traditional gender binary. Thus, the possibility is still there, and I am definitely not making shit up just so I can write another schizo post. Actually, when did I not make shit up?

And since the definition of non-conforming just means "not in accordance or agreement with prevailing norms, standards, or customs", that does not exclude the potential for gayness caused by Selfish's actual gender. Still, I am just going to assume there are only 2 genders for the sake of this post, because if I was going to go across the entire spectrum, I would be here for another 10 years, and this would be 10k+ words instead of nearly 3k words long. I also can't be bothered to go into the different intricacies of femboys, tomboys, hermaphrodites and so on, like who the fuck has the time for this?

You could say that essentially forcing a gender onto another person's representation of a part of their personality (You can argue all you want that art isn't inherently representative of the artist, we all know that is just one giant cope) is inherently an asshole move, in my opinion it's just another gold mine for content just like the almighty dollar intended.

Under Capitalism, [REDACTED BY THE IDEOLOGICAL INTEGRITY COMMITTE, GLORY TO THE MINISTRY]

The incident - Because I needed to drag Seadrive and Clownfish (literally me) into this too

"Terminally online degenerate" - My beautiful bio

Now, I would say that I regret my actions, but it's absolutely going to happen again, and you will never prevent me from admiring all that art a.k.a like an entire 3 posts on that website, so regretting anything in this situation is entirely pointless and a waste of time. I already wrote that essay and expressed my ambition to the world of wanting to draw that type of Selfish fanart, if you seriously think I wasn't also going to drag the other Yoncats into my bullshit, you are sorrowfully mistaken.

Also, if you want to know what post I am going to be referencing throughout this entire section. Just go type seadrive or clownfish into that website's search bar, there's literally 1 post involving the both of them.

So, one faithful day, like 3 days (Well, as of editing over a week ago) ago on Friday. I had the brilliant idea to shower, completely normal and nothing is going to happen here, I assure you. So, you see, I have this habit of bringing my phone into the shower and my glasses, so I can look on all the posts on r/OkayBuddyLiterallyMe and cry. There is absolutely no other devious activity going on in that shower.

It's pretty ironic that I always manage to mention God, isn't it? There is nothing holy about this entire thing. In the search for more Reddit posts to waste my time on, I may or may not have stumbled upon a post on one certain popular subreddit. I don't need to tell you which one, we all know exactly what I am talking about.

Obviously, when a man sees ART, he gets quite the urge to admire it, as all ART should be. A certain wizard would definitely agree, you know who you are buddy. In the process of admiration, I obviously was gladly inspired by all of the other ART that my eyes bared witness to on that subreddit.

What kind of inspiration, you ask? You already read the title of this chapter. I ventured upon the vast lands of the internet and made my way over to the ginormous archive of furry art. Again, I do not need to state which one it is, do i?

I excitedly typed in what came (No pun intended) into my mind, the words "Seadrive" right into the search box. Upon tapping the search bar, the site re-directed me straight to the search results. The first things that were thrusted into view quite obviously were the more updooted posts, yet the slowly building tension in my body was temporarily lessened a bit the second I realized that there it was.

The post, the one and only. Two bros just hanging out, very close together but not because they are gay. Just don't ask what's going on under the table, I can assure you that there is absolutely no kind of non-platonic bodily interactions going on over there. Also, if the wizard tells me one more time that there is not table, I am going to write an entire essay about it. Do it m8, I fucking dare you.

Obviously, the only reason that I was so incredibly excited to see such an event portrayed by somebody's sweat and tears in exchange for like probably 20 smackaroonis (Would be 5 dollars if we were talking in anime shit instead), because they needed to sell their soul to Satan himself in order to pay rent that month, was definitely not because I am gay.

You see, I as an incredibly straight sigma male who spends 10 hours daily listening to Andrew Tate's podcast (If he still has one, I don't remember this shit) while looks and schizomaxxing. I find the idea of reversing the power dynamic between myself and my imaginary girlfriend (You know who) to be a very attractive idea.

Obviously, as previously stated in my essay about Selfish, to be the true leader of your clan, the ultimate wolf of the pack is obviously a very exhausting job. I was clearly attracted to the idea. The pixels on my screen did not matter and it is the way that you interpret the idea, which for me was obviously in the most heterosexual way possible, that makes you gay or straight.

I was absolutely not projecting myself in an extremely gay way onto Clownfish, while they were having loads of "fun" under the table with Seadrive.

Despite my previous essay, where I constantly joked about Clownfish being "literally me", I did not see myself performing such actions on another man, because we all know that I am in fact the literal straightest man on this entire earth.

Also, despite viewing Seadrive as what would probably be one of my best friends if they existed, (am not going to elaborate on why mentally ill people are always the ones that I want to be friends with) I would still not participate in such activities with them, since I am entirely straight and I was very clearly attracted to the sheer idea of the situation and not the people who were involved in it.

I am not gay, I was thinking of the idea in the most heterosexual manner possible. Now that we resolved that question, I feel like we can move onto Selfish.

Clothes - Because we all know that objects have gender, since when? Since now and maybe tomorrow

Obviously, the weakest points go first. Call it a buildup of arguments, building as much as the "tension" itself.

I remember someone saying that clothes don't have gender, that is entirely false. You know how a lie repeated enough times becomes the truth? Traditional gender roles and stereotypes have essentially dictated what women and men are supposed to wear for centuries. I still live in a backwards shithole, so I still get to listen to this bullshit, at least the economy still exists somehow.

So, I might actually have a problem, because I just spent the past 5 minutes staring at Selfish. I have no idea what black magic Yon was using while they were drawing Selfish, but whatever it was, it's fantastic. Who could have possibly predicted that I would be incredibly attracted to a random furry cat on the internet.

Obviously, instead of going bottom-top, let's just go in completely random order this time. I know literally nothing about fashion but fuck it. No, we aren't doing the "#!@#!" to any of the Yoncats, get your mind out of the gutter.

Starting with the jacket, I pretty much never see any men wearing any of those light jackets with fur on them like ever, it's nearly all just rich, affluent Bourgeoisie women that wear them. Like at this point, I am pretty sure it's unironically a stereotype since the rich women always wear one of those in video games, unless I am going slowly insane.

Shoes, the knee-high girl boss shoes are obviously always worn by girl bosses. As the name itself indicates which I definitely did not just make up on the spot, the gender which wears those is almost surprisingly female. Like, I unironically never see these actually worn by men anywhere. The fur jacket maybe rarely, but the shoes literally not even once.

Time for the skirt. Actually, do I even need to explain why? Like, unless you are Scottish or something, I am pretty sure that under the traditional system of gender roles, we can all agree that skirts are inherently feminine.

For some of you glasses probably do not fit the traditional gender binary in the slightest, since glasses are just kinda glasses. Now, I have literally zero idea what those glasses are actually supposed to be and I am not willing to sift through multiple search results, but my first thought was aviator sunglasses, so I am just going to run with that.

Obviously, aviators are worn by true sigma males as we all know, I would know because I already watched multiple videos on sigma males, and it wasn't just circle-jerking my own ego or anything. So, on the gender binary, one point towards male for Selfish.

Time for the last piece of clothing left on that kitty. There sure as hell would be none left if Selfish was around me. I definitely am not experiencing "unexpected blood flow" right now from being very holy for a week straight or anything. You actually have zero idea how hard (Again, no pun intended) it is to write this shit. Obviously, I am not going to get rid of the "problem", because I love torturing myself.

I still have zero fucking idea what it's supposed to be exactly, because I am way too lazy to google anything about fashion, so let's just say it's a fucking tank top again. Now, this is probably the only uni-sex piece of clothing here. Uni-sex, because if you ever went outside before (Already excludes like 90% of all of you) you would notice that basically everyone wears them.

Thus, we can conclude based off of dumb incoherent bullshit that Selfish is female considering that the majority of their clothing is worn by women according to traditional gender roles. I am not going to elaborate on the sheer irony of still respecting their and by extension, Yon's pronouns despite literally forcing a gender onto them.

Checkmate liberals.

This entire thing to be fair is correlation = causation, but to be fair the entirety of traditional gender roles were based off of that and the whims of whoever the fuck was in charge at the time for basically as long as society existed.

Behaviour - "Yes, your honor. I was merely thinking heterosexual thoughts in that shower."

What else am I supposed to be doing back there exactly? Actually, is there anything else to do in a shower, besides showering and "cardiovascular exercise"?

I was actually going to be serious for once, but I realized that no one cares about whatever my spiritual schizophrenic delusions are. Because everyone deserves to be happy and free except for me after all. Wait, I have a meme for this.

r/YonKaGor - The Industrial Revolution and It's Consequences Have Been a Disaster to The Human Race
The Industrial Revolution and It's Consequences Have Been a Disaster to The Human Race
Obviously, the construct of Selfish just as previously established, in my head is entirely female due to my flaming hot heterosexuality that is absolutely not slowly fading away the longer I am in this fandom. Though it's taking a bit long since I have been lurking through this place for like 5 years already.

If you didn't catch my drift, that was entirely a joke. I know that it's surprising that the furred woke mind virus has not infected my mind yet (PLEASE STOP SAYING DUMBASS THINGS, YOU ARE NOT EVEN MAKING SENSE) and turned me into a flamboyant homosexual with 5 different pride flags on his Twitter profile and the godforsaken combination of 🌐🧦🌹 in their bio. Honestly, I don't have enough Twitter brain rot to even understand what the fuck the socks are supposed to represent on there. Still, she... Whoops! It's all transgender! Something something furry-trans pipeline.

No, I am not a conservative. The more a leftist hates leftists, the more naturally leftist they become; thus, I am actually the leftiest of leftists, that has ever lefted in this lefty-verse of leftism. In all seriousness, I fucking hate everyone in politics, It's just that the spirit of Makhno and Marx possess me every now and then. Though for the love of fucking God, please just go outside and stop arguing on Twitter or Discord or fucking whatever. I would mention 4chan, but at that point you might as well be a rotting corpse at that point, actually that goes for Discord too.

I assure you that my entirely "platonic" relations between me and Selfish, just like Seadrive and Clownfish are completely non-homosexual. A homie can love his bros without it being gay, just like Selfish is female, because I fucking said so. Now, go find the like 3+ layers of irony in that statement.

Even if theoretically Selfish was a man, the only reason I would be attracted to them isn't due to being attracted to the idea of being dominated by a man or their bodily characteristics, but due to brohood. As we all know, feelings not only surpass reality itself, but appearance too. Thus, we can conclude that me being attracted to men I know is entirely heterosexual, because feelings surpass appearance.

After all, people find pretty much everything attractive, so I am definitely onto something here. [Insert joke about pan-sexuals here].

The only other reason I would be attracted to Selfish if they were a man, completely platonically and heterosexually of course, would be because of my appreciation of the human body. There is nothing inherently sexual or gay about wanting to appreciate another man's body since humans are a work of art that should be studied thoroughly in order to understand either the divine will of God or the chaotic nature of our simulation or whatever the fuck I feel like saying.

There is nothing inherently gay about finding the toned body of a muscular man attractive or a femboys, besides we all know it isn't gay, but entirely heterosexual to be attracted to femboys, since what's more feminine than a man trying to look like a woman? Truly nothing, the sheer dedication to such an effort is enough to elevate you to the status of being a woman just by sheer virtuous effort alone.

Yes, you heard it here folks. Femboys are actually women.

Like can these liberbols stop pushing their ultra-gay agenda 9000+ on me, already? I just want to appreciate men and women equally in peace, in a completely heterosexual way. The fact that we live in a susiety where nowadays people feel the need to tell you exactly what you are attracted to just because you found a man hot once is truly disturbing.

No, I didn't even put my joker makeup on.

When are we going to have a conspiracy about how this is actually population control? Actually, it already exists, doesn't it? Ultra-Jewish gay mind control lasers when??????

Summary

I would type something out, but at this fucking point I re-read this entire thing like 4 times and I still have no idea what the fuck I am talking about.

In summary, I dunno. I guess I'm bi now or something. Though I still totally am not gay or am I? If you really think about, bisexuality is just being half-gay. Where the fuck was I even going with this? You know what? Fuck this shit, this the end of the essay and the rest is post scriptum.

fin

Yes, this entire time this post was just a satire of the 4chan trope of the very heterosexual dude who definitely isn't gay.

"I am completely straight"

Proceeds to write out the gayest shit ever

Anyways, just in case you were wondering. After extensive research yesterday, or today since it was 3 am, I have concluded that I am in fact bisexual. I know, truly important news. Anyways, I guess somebody should make Yon a trophy for successfully getting a fan of theirs to question their own sexuality.

Max:

Thought Complete [Homo-Sexual Underground]

Solution [Shut the fuck up already, you just want to %$#@ people]

Effects [Stopped obsessing about sexuality]

<3 Yon (I'll leave the moral ambiguity of this entirely up to you to figure out)