Mr. Essayist is back everyone, because when I am not rotting in my room, I am obviously writing entire essays on Reddit, that will be read by like 5 randoms online, just to disappear for like a week right after I'm done writing it, also this entire post definitely isn't me trying to project myself onto Clownfish, silly me would never do that!

Btw, I am mostly writing about the lyrics, though the animation itself is left vague enough that if I wanted to, I could probably spin some bullshit about it being a metaphor or something.

So, you know how the popular interpretation is that Clownfish is slowly going mad until they do a circus hop, because suicide is viewed as a good thing by people who are already that deep? What if the song was about Clownfish's worldview instead. Yes, my interpretation literally boils down to "it's all in le head", totally not projecting btw.

To be fair that sounds completely tone-deaf and insufferable and this could just be the product of me blaming myself for like basically everything that went wrong in my entire life, but I am here to write an interpretation and not lament my sorrows again.

I guess you could go with the more literal interpretation being that someone or the infamous "They" are making Clownfish suffer, but at this point I might as well just link Yon's tweet about the inspiration for Circus Hop being the Indonesian school system and end this post right here. Indonesian schools don't really sound that different from Polish schools, it really is a small world, isn't it?

1 verse (At least that's what I think I am writing about, I spent like 4 days on this, alright? Can't fret over every single detail when you are making the mother of all interpretations!):

So, in the beginning Clownfish sings about how they live in a "comical, yet devastating universe", but at the same time believing that they deserve to live in such universe, despite the natural reaction to such conditions obviously is the want to improve them, that is if you aren't already pre-occupied with blaming everyone else for your problems.

Immediately right off the bat, we have blaming ourselves for the failures of the world (insert a joke here about Clownfish being literally me), sounds about right for somebody who's depressed. Now this could be due to a plethora of things, my interpretation states that Clownfish is trying their best to succeed at life, yet they keep failing due to self-sabotage, since there's no way in hell, they are mentally stable enough to not constantly insult, demean or sabotage themselves due to a pre-conceived notion of always being a failure, just to get to this point it's kind of a requirement.

2 verse:

Clownfish's mental health is clearly terrible as the lines "The lipstick on my face has bled into my skin. It should show a grin" essentially confirm that their misery has been going on long enough for the mask they portray to everyone in public to fuse into their face (DiScO ElYsIuM ReFeRbEnCe?!//?!?1!1?) and for them to become fully aware of it.

Now, this is where the "fun" starts, the last words you want to read in one of my Reddit posts, but I am not "there" yet, silly. Next up, we have putting up an "act" for everyone to sneer at, since Clownfish doesn't want you to cry after all. The "act" itself can really be anything, including the "hop", but I find that to be way too literal, like make some shit up at least instead of taking everything at face value.

We already have a mask or whatever you want to call it, as previously established with the line about "lipstick", so do you know the only person left who still knows the truth about Clownfish's mental health? The only person left is Clownfish themselves. The "everyone" isn't actually friends or family, it's the inside of Clownfish or the construct of Clownfish. I just imagine everyone as one giant construct with different elements composing it, "co-operating" together in order to function. My crippling loneliness definitely didn't force me to imagine this, just so I could feel less lonely.

The "act" itself is Clownfish's life, it's just that Clownfish is reducing it into another borderline meaningless process that is part of the world in order to cope. That way you can feel like your mistakes basically have zero impact, I would know, not from experience of course!

By reducing their life into a mere "act", Clownfish deludes themselves into thinking it's completely meaningless, which in itself is actually kind of an "act", act-ception. So, what do you do after you realized that your life is shit and you managed to delude yourself into not caring about it by stripping pretty much all worth and meaning from it? Reach for the stars, of course. "Which stars?", you ask. The stars of irony or apathy.

One villainous monologue coming right up! Actually it's going to sound more like one of those "How to ruin your entire life" videos, probably.

3 verse:

Endlessly deride anything of meaning, just to bring it back to life with a faulty defibrillator. Eternally satirize every single being, concept or object present in your life whenever it seems convenient. Whenever you achieve literally anything even remotely worth of value, immediately minimize it's worth, rip apart the reason it was achieved, destroy the meaning of the process of creation. Remove every single thing that could possibly make it a good thing, realize it is a good thing, immediately strike that thought the second it dares to appear inside of your mind, then respond to it with apathy and erase the memory of that thought right after, despite in reality actually caring and wanting to succeed, but it's funnier this way so... Gotta cope somehow!

Me writing literally anything and then trying to not endlessly satirize it inside of my own head challenge (IMPOSSIBLE).

That's essentially the entire next verse of "Circus Hop". You could just also say that it could also be just Clownfish thinking about the monotony of their life, going through the motions of it all. First thing that's important is if the song's silly or sounds silly to you at least, carousel is spinning and the acrobat is at the top. Next thing is for them to do a circus hop just like usual. The hop itself could also be basically anything, a dead end 9-5 job and so on, I just imagine it being Clownfish coping on the weekend's or something, after having to put up with a constant act, so they can pretend like their life isn't shit at least for while. Obviously, it isn't some kind of "healthy" coping mechanism, do you even know who's writing this?

Honestly the more I write about Clownfish and the song itself, the more my brain is like "Dude, they are literally you", but I am just going to ignore that, to be fair it does happen whenever I think of Papercraft or SeaDrive, actually let's just not think about it (New post idea unlocked!).

4 verse:

It's time to accept that you are a furry failure! An obscure YonKaGor reference inside of my Reddit post? More likely than you would think! Next verse, wooo! I definitely have a healthy sleep schedule.

Now, we are the part where Clownfish (Totally not me) is pretty much just repeating an endless mantra. "I'm a failure, I have no future, I fuck up and everyone hates me, because I am a miserable loser without a life". No, they don't sound like me at all. It's really just reinforcing what you already believe in.

Yes, that's it. I mean Clownfish is literally just beating themselves up, what do you think I am going to write here?

5-6 (skipped, I guess technically I didn't skip them?) verses:

It's simple going through each verse, one by one, because I am way too lazy to think of any other way to structure this wall of poorly stitched together thoughts. It's even simpler when they repeat themselves, just like you know, they are supposed to because it's a song after all. So, let's just skip the next 2, lol.

7 verse:

Guess, what's the difference between " I've said goodbye, I don't want you to cry, So have a laugh with everyone but me." and " Up from the sky, I won't want you to cry, So here's an act for everyone to sneer at". Yeah, I have no idea either.

Seriously though, the only real difference is we are focusing on the fact that Clownfish that is going to be gone in some way. Now you see, the previous time it was them deluding themselves, now what if they are realizing how completely insane their philosophy is, thinking people would just laugh at them, because insane == funny, after all everyone left empathy at the door. So, due to creating this image of being laughed at for your poor mental health, Clownfish is more likely to isolate themselves, thus being gone.

I've spent like 4 days, sleep deprived writing this, just so I can say that Clownfish is quite literally me and not feel like I'm lying. To be fair half of that time was spent on staring at the screen before passing out again, but whatever.

last (8) verse:

So, in the end we essentially just have reflecting on the meaninglessness of life, but now we are smiling through the pain even harder. Clownfish does have a smile etched onto their face while falling down for a reason after all, you can kind of hear the sheer insanity in the singing too, Yon's vocal cords are just very flexible, I guess.

Also, at the end of the song both from the lyrics and MV, you could say that at the end Clownfish just breaks down at the end and actually does end their own life or based of off the last like 30 seconds with them "hanging" in there, you could infer that it's just a brief moment of peace after another breakdown, before we get back on stage and continue this endless cycle of madness, as if nothing actually happened. Again, I have to state that I am totally not projecting and Clownfish isn't "literally me".

Le end:

I sure do hope that my incoherent ramblings made in any way, shape or form even a little bit of sense to like anyone reading this. Explaining like anything about what I think is ridiculously hard, actually it's probably because I am sleep deprived constantly.

Remember, I am a very mentally stable individual with no kind of mental health problems, whatsoever.

<3 Yon (The person who saved my life, just go share this spot with Silverhand)