Le prelude - Because now we have entire fucking chapters. Thought I wouldn't take this overly seriously for no reason whatsoever?

Only an entire like 44 paragraphs of simping for Selfish and an entire 2318 words, very ordinary (IT'S NORMAL REFERBENCNENE?!!??!?!?!?!) YonKaGor fan behaviour.

There truly is no one more dedicated to shitposting than me. At what point does it get like elevated from a shitpost to a proper piece of art?

Anyways, the reason why I am writing this is not only due to how much I want to fu-, sorry I meant that I just really like Selfish's design, I think they are really, like really cute. I am sure if Selfish was real, they wouldn't mind the inside of my basement, who wouldn't want to be held hostage there after all?

This was partly inspired by all of the joke "smash" comments and due to my moderately unhealthy obsession with Selfish. Like obviously I am a very mentally stable individual who doesn't spend multiple hours of his life imagining his life with some random anthro cat, that definitely doesn't happen, trust me bro.

Personality - A narcissistic anthro cat, truly a man's best companion

You see, people say that such silly things like narcissism are cringe and dangerous, whenever I see anyone who would absolutely degrade me and probably murder me in my sleep, my brain goes into full simp mode and my pants become stretched by an "unknown" force, I still gotta figure out how that happens.

Like, please point me to one person who wouldn't want a narcissistic furry cat gf who would be domineering over you and would control every aspect of your life. I literally have zero idea as to how this could possibly ever go wrong.

That sheer dedication to getting rid of someone is so incredibly attractive, imagine someone caring about you so much, that they dedicate multiple hours of their life to ruining your life just because they don't like you. Attention like that is really hard to come by after all. Truly a display of ambition and dedication on Selfish's part, I would love me a woman who would be as dedicated to their delusions of grandeur as I am. I mean it's mostly daydreaming, but you never know.

You know, this is starting to sound like a "You are as mentally ill as me, so let's get together and make each other even more mentally ill" type of a scenario, but I promise you that I am a very mentally stable human being with no kind of psychological issues whatsoever. My incredibly unhealthy obsession with Selfish is definitely played up for laughs and is supposed to be meta-ironic.

Another thing I really appreciate is honesty, Selfish just tells you how it is. No bullshit, just straight to the point. Like who doesn't love people who aren't fickle and just tell you how it is. There is nothing hotter on this earth than people who are honest and straight to the point. Remember, if you are ever going to commit a crime, be honest about it, people are infinitely more forgiving to honest criminals.

Selfish isn't scared to use their "resources" either, I mean isn't that just brilliant? Just going straight in for the kill without any bullshittery afoot? Whenever there is a problem, you just go ahead and fix it. Truly a revolutionary idea of doing what is required.

Also, coming up with insults is a really unique craft, one few respect on this godforsaken earth. I am not saying that insulting people is a good thing, I am just saying that I respect people who can come up with a good insult. I would know when an insult is good, because I already have an extensive history of hating myself, so I definitely would know that calling someone a "scum without a charm" is good.

That confidence is also literally oozing in waves from Selfish too. No, it's not only Yon's vocal cords. Those lyrics truly shine with confidence, the celestial fire purifying doubt from the vast lands of Selfish's mind. Displaying straight to the world the message containing the dissatisfaction with one's presence, a truly revolutionary display of telling someone to go #!@# themselves.

You know like how Selfish also mentions in YBG how this person took Selfish's fuckin' boyfriend or whatever without any obsession or even a simple confession? This definitely is a sign of a mentally stable person who cares for their partner a lot, like this clearly displays Selfish's very caring nature, wherever it is.

Oh and also, trust me. Selfish blaming the person is totally not just one giant cope. I am sure that Selfish is actually a very caring person and this is just a temporary upset in their life before they get over everything like a normal person would and wouldn't actually ruin that person's life or anything. I am sure someone like Selfish wouldn't do that.

There is truly no price that would be too much on this earth that I would pay to get an obsessive yandere anthro cat gf to obsess over me :3

r/YonKaGor - Go ahead and guess what game this is a review for.
Go ahead and guess what game this is a review for.
Appearance - What the fuck am I doing with my life?

The most simpable Yoncat is obviously the most attractive Yoncat. Like I am the straightest Pole on earth, but I would absolutely be attracted to Selfish even if they were biologically male. Not because I am gay, I just really like Selfish. I am not gay. I am not gay. I am not gay. I am the only straight person in this entire fandom, well including like maybe the entire 10 people hiding under the floorboards, can't let BIG GAY find you!

Anyways, let's start with the basics. I am pretty sure that silky smooth white fur would be more than just comfortable when cuddling. No brain, I don't need a reminder as to how lonely I am. You tellin' me that you wouldn't want to cuddle with Selfish for multiple hours straight? Obviously in a very platonic way, because we all know that that wanting to ^%! the Yoncats is an act forbidden by God himself.

Theoretically all Yoncats are actually just Yon in different outfits, let's just conveniently forget that whenever I'm showering, for no particular reason whatsoever.

Anyways, those absolutely impeccable shoes look just fantastic. I have to clarify that I have absolutely zero attraction towards feet whatsoever, can a man just appreciate some shoes in peace? Like that just absolutely fantastic shoe design just truly not only shows Yon's absolute design genius, but also Selfish's absolutely fantastic taste in clothing just like usual. I would let them walk all over me in more ways than just the literal one.

Time for that just mighty fine tail, doesn't it look just absolutely beautiful? Imagine Selfish wrapping around their tail around you before murde- Sorry I obviously meant hugging you, duh. I definitely do not have any kind of ideation related to dying, silly. That tail is quite clearly made specifically for trapping Selfish's victims frens, so Selfish can hug them (^///^)!

You may be currently worrying considering where this is going, I assure you that nothing incredibly NSFW is about to unfold here. Talk about Yon's fashion taste, that skirt is just amazing. We all know thighs save lives, but here it's skirts instead, totally not due to rules or anything. I am sure that the thighs skirt of Selfish are is quite obviously warm, fuzzy and comfortable to lay my burdened head on. There is no "crushing" involved here, trust me. It would be quite funny if someone drew that, right?

(I am not saying that it would be funny if a certain lobster drew that, I am just saying that the mere possibility of that occurring is hilarious)

Now obviously we are around the chest area, so let's just talk about the jacket and tank top or whatever the fuck that is (You think I won't be throwing that on the backburner temporarily?). I have varying tastes in women or men, who the fuck actually knows what the gender of Selfish is? But being flat as a board ain't going to stop me, flat is justice to some, I prefer a moderate amount of fat deposits around there.

I really do have a way with words, don't I? As usual, Yon really just never loses, actually I think it's impossible for them at this point, like if ma bro gets ever gets fuckin' exposed for some weird ass shit, I am ending it. That jacket just looks so red, as if stained with blood or just attention grabbing if you are a normie, and that fur, probably only had to pay a couple grand for some random guys in Siberia to skin a couple bears to make that.

What I assume is a tank top, short one at that, is also just absolutely amazing. I mean, what is there not to love about Selfish? I would spend half of all my days absolutely "loving" Selfish. The perfect colour contrast of purple and red, just like the skirt. Now obviously Yon in his infinite design genius included a neat bit of symbolism in Selfish's design too, I went on the first search result in Google and clearly that shellfish is supposed to represent Selfish's very calm and level-headed approach to dealing with problems.

Time for that beautiful face. Now for start, those red eyes penetrating through my soul, like I swear to God those pixels on my screen are actually reaching deep into my soul, as if they want me to confess all my sins to them.

That smirk, that fucking smile, the thing that started it all. I left the best for last after all. That goddamn smirk, I have no idea what Yon dd to my brain, but Selfish's smirk is just something else. Like I have no idea how Yon managed to do it, but that smirk, just something about it feels just ethereal. You know that Yon did something well, when even I barely have an idea as to how I am supposed to articulate my thoughts on it.

Now those earrings also look cool, but if you removed them, I am entirely sure that like 99% of people wouldn't even notice. Also, Selfish's glasses look fantastic, as a fellow binoclard, I can state that out of the many glasses I saw throughout my lifetime, those glasses are certifiably the best I have ever saw in my entire life. They are just perfect, that's what they are.

That hair and ears just look so fuzzy to me, imagine head patting Selfish, just spending multiple hours of your life head patting Selfish. Like is there literally anything else you need in your life? The day that I can commission some random furry to make me a furry robot based on Selfish is the day that I can die happily.

There is totally nothing weird in worshipping pixels on a screen, trust me bro.

Compatibility - I am totally not running out of ideas

There is only so much bullshit you can squeeze out of one OC and a music video after all.

Obviously, a gentleman such as myself and hopefully you considering you read this far, needs a proper reason for his love or maybe I am just way too rational, I love spending hours compartmentalizing and justifying everything I do, it's so fun and definitely not exhausting.

Now, you may be wondering how I could possibly be attracted to such a clearly narcissistic and malevolent force. I have 2 sides, caring, bleeding-hearted socialist and ruthless capitalist with a death wish. Yes, my brain is so poisoned with internet bullshit that I even define myself by political ideology despite 99% of people not knowing a single fucking thing about politics and just making shit up as they go along, and yes, I do read political theory, so I do get to make fun of people.

Like truly all I want in life is somebody equally as argumentative and confident or maybe even more than me. I love arguing and I already do spend time arguing with myself whenever I have some downtime to burn through. There is nothing I truly love more than arguing. Like I used to lose entire weekends when I was younger to just lying in bed and arguing with myself, I used to wake up at like 8 am and start arguing, and by the time I stopped I would look at the clock and it would be like 6:30 pm.

Selfish seems like just the perfect candidate for it, stuck in traffic? Just piss each other off and argue. Boom, already back at home despite it feeling like only a minute passed by. No, this definitely doesn't sound inherently abusive and toxic. Like chill guys, sometimes you just need to let off some steam and argue. There is truly nothing better in life than arguing, it's like playing a match of DBD, absolutely pisses you off and makes you hate your entire life, but the dopamine you get from it hooks you on it.

I mean that metaphor isn't perfect, since I derive pleasure from making myself suffer, so technically there is no pissing me off, but you understand it, right?

Of course, a true sigma male such as myself would obviously never let someone else dominate me, but sometimes you just need to hand over the reins to someone else, since being the leader all the time is exhausting. Who else is a better candidate for being the backup if not your furry anthro cat gf? Please do tell me, though I don't think you will ever find a better candidate for that.

Le end, because I ran out of ideas

As usual, <3 Yon (The person who inspired me to stop rotting in my room 24/7)